Add SaplingIvk newtype to changelogs. (#354)
zcash/librustzcash: zcash_client_backend/CHANGELOG.md

  - The `account` property of `WalletShieldedSpend` and `WalletShieldedOutput`
    now has the type `AccountId`.
- `zcash_client_backend::welding_rig`:

>   - `scan_block` now takes `&[(AccountId, SaplingIvk)]`, instead of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `scan_block` now takes `&[(AccountId, K: ScanningKey)]`, instead of a
```

We also need to document the added `ScanningKey` trait.
